Document templates in-place (#32)
foambubble/foam-template: .foam/templates/your-first-template.md

# Foam Note Templates

> Foam includes note templates! This allows you to create new notes from the given template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Foam includes note templates! 
This allows you to easily create notes that have similar structure without having to use copy/paste :)

```

> Templates are treated just like snippets allowing you to use [VS Code's Snippet Syntax](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/userdefinedsnippets#_snippet-syntax).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Templates support the [VS Code's Snippet Syntax](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/userdefinedsnippets#_snippet-syntax), which means you can:
- add variables to the newly created note
- add tabstop to automatically navigate to the key parts of the note, just like a form
```

Below you can see an example showing a todo list and a timestamp.

## Todo List

1. ${1:First tabstop}
2. ${2:A second tabstop}
3. ${3:A third tabstop}

Note Created: ${CURRENT_YEAR}${CURRENT_MONTH}${CURRENT_DATE}

---

> Try out the above example by running the `Foam: Create New Note From Template` command and selecting the `your-first-template` template. Notice what happens when your new note is created!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try out the above example by running the `Foam: Create New Note From Template` command and selecting the `your-first-template` template. Notice what happens when your new note is created!

To remove this template, simply delete the `.foam/templates/your-first-template.md` file.

Enjoy!
```
